[DOCS] Update TLS encryption instructions (#48146)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/securing-communications/setting-up-ssl.asciidoc

(TLS), which is commonly referred to as "SSL".

WARNING: Clusters that do not have encryption enabled send all data in plain text
including passwords. If the {es} {security-features} are enabled, unless you
have a trial license, you must configure SSL/TLS for internode-communication.

. Generate a private key and X.509 certificate for each of your {es} nodes. See
<<node-certificates>>.

. Configure each node in the cluster to identify itself using its signed
certificate and enable TLS on the transport layer. See <<tls-transport>>. 

. Optionally enable TLS on the HTTP layer. See <<tls-http>>.
+
--
NOTE: To enable {kib}, {ls}, and Beats to communicate securely with {es}, you
must configure TLS for HTTP. Likewise, it enables your users to communicate
securely with {es} via their browsers.

--

Now you can proceed with the configurations that are applicable to your cluster:

> * Configure the {monitor-features} to use encrypted connections. See <<secure-monitoring>>.

Reviewer: Can these be performed in any order? If not, the ordered steps might make more sense.

Author: I would be tempted to say no, but I'll leave to @lcawl to confirm.

including passwords. If the {es} {security-features} are enabled, unless you have a trial license, you must configure SSL/TLS for internode-communication.

> The following steps describe how to enable encryption across the various

Reviewer 2: not sure why we removed the last sentence.

Reviewer 3: I don't really think this introduction is necessary anymore, so I've removed the whole thing

> components of the {stack}. 

Reviewer 4: As the person responsible for introducing the "encrypting communications" language, I think we should instead be talking about configuring TLS. Something like:

> To configure TLS to encrypt inter-node communications on the transport layer and enable stack components to connect to Elasticsearch over HTTPS, you need to:

certificate and enable TLS on the transport layer. You can also optionally
enable TLS on the HTTP layer. See
{ref}/configuring-tls.html#tls-transport[Encrypting Communications Between Nodes in a Cluster] and
{ref}/configuring-tls.html#tls-http[Encrypting HTTP Client Communications].

> +

Reviewer 5: should we also hint to the fact that TLS on transport layer is mandatory, contrary to TLS on http being optional ?

> NOTE: {ref}/configuring-tls.html#tls-http[Encrypting HTTP Client Communications] is strongly recommended if you want to enable TLS encryption for Kibana, Logstash and Beats.

Reviewer 5: "Enable TLS for X" might have multiple readings. It could mean "enable X to communicate over https to Elasticsearch", which is what we're trying to convey here I think, but it can also mean "Enable TLS on X itself so that other components can talk to X over TLS" , i.e. browser -> kibana, beats -> logstash etc. 

I think our stance should be that enabling TLS on http is strongly recommended unless there is a very specific reason not to. If we were to frame it as a conditional here, I think we should mention something like : 

```suggestion
NOTE: If you want to enable other stack components like Kibana, Logstash and Beats , or your users via their browsers to communicate securely with Elasticsearch, then {ref}/configuring-tls.html#tls-http[TLS configuration for HTTP] is strongly required so that the communication is encrypted with TLS. 
```

Reviewer 4: I'd make this a stronger statement--completely configuring security should be the recommended path. Something like:

> To enable Kibana, Logstash, and Beats to communicate with Elasticsearch securely, you must configure TLS for HTTP. 

It's not just a suggestion, it's a requirement.

Reviewer 3: I've implemented a combination of these suggestions.

> NOTE: {ref}/configuring-tls.html#tls-http[Encrypting HTTP Client Communications] is strongly recommended if you want to enable TLS encryption for Kibana, Logstash and Beats.

Reviewer 2: Encrypting HTTP Client Communications is **required** if you want to enable TLS ....
